README.md, before:

## About PavementJogger
"PavementJogger" (PJ) is a motion planning *utility* software that is currently being developed by FTC Team 12331 (as of 8/8/2024). Its purpose is to serve as the high-level path builder for [SynchroPather](https://github.com/KK201431873/SynchroPather), a motion planning software also developed by FTC Team 12331.

PJ is developed using Qt Markdown Language and runs on Qt version 6. The basic premise of the application is a clip positioning and trimming software, aesthetically similar to video editing software such as [DaVinci Resolve](https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/products/davinciresolve/edit).

We (team 12331) aim to release Version 1.0 of this project no later than 10/01/2024.


## PavementJogger Changelog

### [v1.0]
- 05/31/2024: Resizeable panels implementation using QtQuick SplitView
- 06/03/2024: Scrollable/zoomable timeline ruler implementation using JS Canvas
- 06/03/2024: Reset View menu bar implementation
- 06/04/2024: Scrubber implementation using QtQuick Shape and ShapePath

TODO: 
- Timeline tracks name storage
- Clip QML object
- Global clip storage implementation
- Clip rendering onto timeline tracks implementation
- Clip resizing by dragging implementation
- Clip creation from palette implementation
- Discretization of subsystems implementation
- Timeline tracks subsystem labels
- Clip assignment to subsystems
-

Commit message:

implemented XML reader for track names

README.md, after:

## About PavementJogger
"PavementJogger" (PJ) is a motion planning *utility* software that is currently being developed by FTC Team 12331 (as of 8/12/2024). Its purpose is to serve as the high-level path builder for [SynchroPather](https://github.com/KK201431873/SynchroPather), a motion planning software also developed by FTC Team 12331.

PJ is developed using Qt Markdown Language and runs on Qt version 6. The basic premise of the application is a clip positioning and trimming software, aesthetically similar to video editing software such as [DaVinci Resolve](https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/products/davinciresolve/edit).

We (team 12331) aim to release Version 1.0 of this project no later than 10/01/2024.


## PavementJogger Changelog

### [v1.0]
- 05/31/2024: Resizeable panels implementation using QtQuick SplitView
- 06/03/2024: Scrollable/zoomable timeline ruler implementation using JS Canvas
- 06/03/2024: Reset View menu bar implementation
- 06/04/2024: Scrubber implementation using QtQuick Shape and ShapePath
- 08/12/2024: Track names reading from XML implementation

TODO: 
- XML project info and settings storage
- XML clip storage implementation
- Clip QML object
- Clip rendering onto timeline tracks implementation
- Clip resizing by dragging implementation
- Clip creation from palette implementation
- Discretization of subsystems implementation
- Timeline tracks subsystem labels
- Clip assignment to subsystems
-
